highlights
NEW ARRIVALS
RUNWAY SPRING - SUMMER 2023
SS22 : SANDALS
SS22 : THE MARBLED PRINT
DENIM FOR SUMMER

READY-TO-WEAR
COATS AND JACKETS
DRESSES
TROUSERS
SKIRTS
TOPS
SHIRTS
KNITWEAR AND JERSEY
DENIM

ACCESSORIES
BAGS
SMALL LEATHER GOODS
SHOES
JEWELLERY
OTHER ACCESSORIES
VIEW ALL
-------------------------------------------------
LEMAIRE IN VIETNAM - AN EXHIBITION
LEMAIRE presents « a sense of place, a sense of time, a sense of tune », a photo and video series that captures the 2023 and 2024 Spring-Summer collections in Vietnam.
26.02.2024 – 17.03.2024
In LEMAIRE flagship store, 1 rue Elzévir, Paris 3rd
-------------------------------------------------
This exhibition extends the idea of a journey through and with clothing – across different layers, soaked colors and light materials – that converges upon the feeling of freedom elicited by adventure and movement.

Osma Harvilahti’s lens opens a sightline between Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi, where the photographer, attuned to the passing streetscapes that we live in and which live within us, observed how people and their clothing form an intimate geography of the city.
-------------------------------------------------
The LEMAIRE wardrobe takes shape in a polyptych arrangement of photos and videos echoing the flow of city dwellers and their mode of transport. The garments have a protective quality, at times puffed up or pressed against the body as the silhouettes are transformed by their path. Movement emerges as a means of experiencing otherness, changing one’s appearance, or dressing to blend into the metropolises’ bustling vibrancy.

-------------------------------------------------
FALL - WINTER 2024 COLLECTION

The Fall-Winter 2024 collection was presented for the first time at LEMAIRE headquarters in the heart of Le Marais, home to a studio, offices and the atelier. Once they have passed through the arches at 11 place des Vosges, the models followed the path formed by a circular podium that embraces the characteristics of the space, echoing the fluid lines of the silhouettes.

LEMAIRE proposed a show that reveals to the public its living, creative space where the collection was designed and crafted, dovetailing with the brand’s vision of clothing as an allegory for the perfectly proportioned home, a protective shelter. If home is a refuge, the collection is an extension of it.

The LEMAIRE vestiaire emphasizes the intimate connection that each wearer has with their clothing and the idea of what it feels like to wear it. Certain pieces inspired by dance attire are made from light, sensual materials: silk-knit second skins, airy dresses in viscose crepe, and habotai pajamas are paired with denims in clay hues. 
 The tailoring is more relaxed, with cashmere flannels and mossy wools. Technical details enrich the archetypes of the LEMAIRE vestiaire: coated cotton, waterproof blocktech, satin nylon and down jackets offer protection from the elements. The interplay between layers is accentuated by new hybrids of domestic comfort: in-and-out pajamas, a shirtjacket, loose yak and alpaca knits and a bathrobe-coat, all bearing LEMAIRE’s signature aesthetic. 

-------------------------------------------------
CHRISTOPHE LEMAIRE

A literature and applied arts graduate who spent seven years as an assistant at various fashion design studios, Christophe Lemaire founded his namesake brand in 1991 following four years working alongside Christian Lacroix. In 2000, he was appointed artistic director of Lacoste and restored the brand’s iconic image in the space of just a decade. In June 2010, he assumed artistic direction of Hermès women’s prêt-à-porter, a position he held for four years. He now focuses his efforts on his own brand, which was renamed LEMAIRE in 2014. Christophe Lemaire also serves as artistic director of the Uniqlo R&D center in Paris and designs the Uniqlo U line.

SARAH-LINH TRAN

A literary publisher by training, Sarah-Linh Tran charted a path to the world of fashion, where she can give free rein to her sensitivity, fondness of words and narrative approaches. She imbued the women’s collection with a new silhouette while telling the vibrant story of the brand’s creative processes and their sources of inspiration. Sarah-Linh Tran also serves as a co-creative director on womenswear at the Uniqlo Design Center in Paris.
-------------------------------------------------
ABOUT
Boutiques
Contact
Carrières

AIDE
Livraison et Retours
Service client
FAQ
Demande de retour

RÉSEAUX SOCIAUX
Instagram
Facebook
Pinterest

LÉGAL
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Legal mentions

NEWSLETTER
e-mail
subscribe

© Lemaire